Update treasure_data_for_currents.md (#10155)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_analytics/customer_data_platform/treasure_data/treasure_data_for_currents.md

> {% alert note %}
> Treasure Data logs each event in batches. For more information on how to query Treasure Data to get event counts, refer to [Braze Currents Import Integration](https://docs.treasuredata.com/articles/#!int/braze-currents-import-integration).
> 
> If you're looking to integrate with Treasure Data's new Braze streaming connector, refer to [Treasure Data's documentation](https://docs.treasuredata.com/articles/#!int/braze-currents-import-integration/q/braze/qid/72364/qp/4) for detailed setup instructions. For any questions about the migration or setup within Braze, please reach out to your Braze account team.
> {% endalert %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% alert note %}
Treasure Data logs each event in batches. For more information on how to query Treasure Data to get event counts, refer to [Querying Data](https://docs.treasuredata.com/articles/int/braze-currents-import-integration/a/h2__592056238).<br><br>If you're looking to integrate with Treasure Data's new Braze streaming connector, refer to the detailed setup steps in [Braze Currents Streaming Import Integration](https://docs.treasuredata.com/articles/#!int/braze-currents-import-integration/q/braze/qid/72364/qp/4). For any questions about the integration or setup within Braze, contact your Braze account team.
{% endalert %}
```
